feedback session 
cours id 
creator email 
instruct 
creat time 
delet time 
start time 
time 
session visibl time 
result visibl time 
time zone 
grace period 
sent open email 
sent open email 
sent close email 
sent close email 
sent publish email 
open email enabl 
close email enabl 
publish email enabl 
student deadlin 
student deadlin 
instructor deadlin 
instructor deadlin 
user email 
deadlin supplier 
deadlin supplier 
feedback session attribut 
cours id 
feedback session 
instruct option 
instruct option 
start time option 
start time option 
time option 
time option 
session visibl time option 
session visibl time option 
result visibl time option 
result visibl time option 
time zone option 
time zone option 
grace period option 
grace period option 
sent open email option 
sent open email option 
sent open email option 
sent open email option 
sent close email option 
sent close email option 
sent close email option 
sent close email option 
sent publish email option 
sent publish email option 
close email enabl option 
close email enabl option 
publish email enabl option 
publish email enabl option 
student deadlin option 
student deadlin option 
instructor deadlin option 
instructor deadlin option 
updat option 
builder 
