feedback question 
feedback question id 
feedback session 
cours id 
question text 
question descript 
question number 
question type 
giver type 
recipi type 
number entiti give feedback 
show respons 
show respons 
show giver 
show giver 
show recipi 
show recipi 
creat 
updat 

feedback question type 
feedback particip type 
feedback particip type 
feedback particip type 
feedback particip type 
feedback particip type 

feedback session 
cours id 
question text 
question descript 
question number 
question type 
giver type 
recipi type 
number entiti give feedback 
show respons 
show giver 
show recipi 
date 
date 
feedback question id 
feedback session 
cours id 
question text 
question descript 
question type 
question number 
giver type 
recipi type 
number entiti give feedback 
show respons 
show giver 
show recipi 

feedback question type 
feedback particip type 
feedback particip type 
feedback particip type 
feedback particip type 
feedback particip type 
feedback question type 
feedback particip type 
feedback particip type 
feedback particip type 
feedback particip type 
feedback particip type 

feedback question 
feedback question 
creat 
updat 
set creat 
set updat 
id 
set feedback question id 
feedback session 
set feedback session 
cours id 
set cours id 
question text 
set question text 
question descript 
set question descript 
question type 
set question type 
question number 
set question number 
giver type 
set giver type 
recipi type 
set recipi type 
number entiti give feedback 
set number entiti give feedback 
show respons 
set show respons 
show giver 
set show giver 
show recipi 
set show recipi 
updat updat timestamp 

