# TAROT Adaptation
The code for the TAROT baseline is an adaptation of the code from the original [TAROT repository](https://github.com/huiAlex/TAROT).


The original code stems from the ASE'2022 paper ["Using Consensual Biterms from Text Structures of Requirements and Code to Improve IR-Based Traceability Recovery"](https://doi.org/10.1145/3551349.3556948).
In this paper, TAROT is proposed to improve IR-based requirement traceability recovery through using consensual biterms extracted from requirements and code, 
which can also be combined with other enhancing strategies to promote their performance.

## Running TAROT
 * Please run `main()` in `Start.java`. 
 * It automatically runs on the five benchmark projects using different IR-models (i.e., VSM, LSI, and JSD) with and without TAROT.

## Data 
The data used our paper is located in the `dataset` folder.

For each project, you find the following files within there:
* In `unprocessed/req_part/description` you find the sentences of the documentation, split into files.
* In `rtm/RTM_CLASS.txt` you find the mapping between code and text.
* In `processed` you find the preprocessed data of TAROT, e.g., the biterms. They are generated with `BitermExtract.java` of the TAROT project.
* Finally, in `output` you find the similarity matrices of the projects. They are generated by TAROT. Therefore, you have to run `Start.java`.

## Attribution of the code used
Gao, H., Kuang, H., Sun, K., Ma, X., Egyed, A., Mäder, P., ... & Zhang, H. (2022, October). Using Consensual Biterms from Text Structures of Requirements and Code to Improve IR-Based Traceability Recovery. In *Proceedings of the 37th IEEE/ACM International Conference on Automated Software Engineering* (pp. 1-1).
