# Baselines
We provide the following baselines:
* Finegrained Traceablilty (FTLR)
* TAROT
* CodeBERT

## FTLR
The code for the FTLR baseline is an adaptation of the code from the original [FTLR repository](https://github.com/tobhey/finegrained-traceability).
You can find the requirements in the `INSTALL.md` file of FTLR.
The data used in the paper is located in the `datasets` folder.
To run the experiments, you have to run the `App.py`. In this file you also find all configurations used in the paper.

For each project, you find the following files in the `datasets` folder:
* In `docs` you can find the documentation of the project. Each sentence belong to one file.
* In `code_filenames.txt` you find all filenames within the project. This is needed by FTLR.
* In `req_filenames.txt` you can find the filenames of all requirements. In our case these are the names of the files in `docs`.
* Finally, in `goldstandard.txt` you find the gold standard of the project. This is needed to evaluate the results.

## TAROT
The code for the TAROT baseline is an adaptation of the code from the original [TAROT repository](https://github.com/huiAlex/TAROT).
The data used in the paper is located in the `dataset` folder.

For each project, you find the following files within there:
* In `unprocessed/req_part/description` you find the sentences of the documentation, split into files.
* In `rtm/RTM_CLASS.txt` you find the mapping between code and text.
* In `processed` you find the preprocessed data of tarot. E.g., the biterms. They are generated with `BitermExtract.java` of the TAROT project.
* Finally, in `output` you find the similarity matrices of the projects. They are generated by TAROT. Therefore, you have to run `Start.java`.

## CodeBERT
To train CodeBERT on the code search task on the Java part of the CodeSearchNet dataset we used the code provided in the replication package of [TraceBERT](https://github.com/jinfenglin/TraceBERT) and adapted it to our purpose. Therefore, we make use of the SINGLE architecture as described in the paper [Traceability Transformed: Generating More Accurate Links with Pre-Trained BERT Models](https://doi.org/10.1109/ICSE43902.2021.00040).

Further instruction can be found in the [README](CodeBERT/README.md).